Yeah,
I need levels of [inaudible] 16 fires up there.
It's impossible.
I like both.
I like when fighters are respectful and I like when fighters talk shit.
Yeah,
for sure.
I mean,
I did enjoy,
it was nice to see.
Yeah.
Brian Ortega.
Max Holloway.
They had that nice back and forth where Max,
sorry.
Pardon me.
Brian was,
you know,
he's like,
listen,
I hobby well and hobby or over the injuries and all that type of thing.
That was nice to see.
It's great.
But they both were exuding confidence at the same time.
They were both adamant that we're going to win the fight.
So it wasn't,
they weren't being too overly cordio.
Yes.
You know,
I don't want to see that.
I don't want to,
I don't want to see two facts pretending like they were in church or meeting the
fucking president.
Okay.
I want to see two guys that want to rip each other's heads off.
Call me an animal,
call me a Bob [inaudible],
call me whatever you want.
But that's what gets my engine ticking.
Well,
even when they were at the final weigh in and they're staring each other down,
like even though it was respectful,
there was a lot of tension.
There's a lot of tension.
You,
you knew how you were talking about as a way in.
Yeah.
I never saw that one when they were at the way in and Max and Brown,
they just stood,
you know,
a couple of feet away from each other staring at each other and it was intense.
It was real.
There was a fucking hell of a fight to ballsy shit.
He's incredible.
He really is,
really is.
I mean,
I was kind of,
um,
not concerned and of course were the one who initially throw up the red flag
when you saw,
you just felt like he looked too tired or lazy.
Slurring his words.
He looked,
he looked half asleep.
He looked like he'd just got out of bed.
That's how we looked.
And then he was slurring his words.
And then,
so I just said it,
your care Max,
everything good.
And he's just like,
you know,
yeah,
you were slowing it.
Simple as that.
And I'm like,
and of course UFC tonight you have a production meeting,
we go over the questions we're going to ask.
So you've got them questions there in front of you.
And I thought,
I can't stick to these questions.
I've got to ask this.
Go,
are you okay?
You know,
for you.
I'm glad you did that.
Well,
you know,
I felt bad afterwards because then I heard that the fire was off and then I
thought,
shit,
if I had gone on,
you know,
two days,
three days out from a five I got on fucking UFC tonight,
or whatever,
you're doing my obligations as a fire.
And then another fire on the roster is calling me out for an injury and now the
fights off,
I'd would've been pissed off with them.
You know what I mean?
Maybe you know that that's my choice if I want to highlight it.
So I felt a little bad,
but I really respect him.
Max,
he sent me a message thanking me,
you know,
he said,
thank you.
He said,
Marty,
you know,
he said,
dad,
I appreciate that.
I needed someone to do that because he knew he was,
he wasn't 100%.
Um,
so yeah.
So anyway,
I was saying that I wasn't fully convinced that he was okay cause it seemed like
he was not an,
are still slow in his words or whatever,
but uh,
kind of a mumbler he's a mumbler.
Yeah.
So am I,
you know,
so he's at the,
he was fine though.
He was more than fine,
dude.
He looked insane.
Insane.
And or take a fire back or take shots third round,
hit him a couple of big shots and then at the end of the third round like this
is my,
no,
I saw him.
That's what he told you.
Yeah,
it's crazy.
It's crazy.
And Cardio Cardio is incredible to the roof,
you know.
Excellent.
Footwork combinations,
cuts angles.
Well,
weeds,
the fight,
that's the main thing.
You know what I mean?
He reads the fight.
So yeah,
he reads the fine and he's,
he's,
he's so good at implementing that strategy of like consistent pressure,
constant angles,
switching stances.
And he switched his stamps as flawlessly fights.
Just as good south.
He does Orthodox and he'll switch in the middle of a combination and then turn
corners on.
Absolutely.
That's right.
He's not there to be counted.
Not An amazing man.
Really good.
And when you hit him back,
you let claps.
He's like,
yeah,
no,
for sure won't remember.
It gets Ricardo alarmists and he just pointed at the floor.
He's like,
come on,
let's go right here,
the stat and then bang it out.
Soccer.
That was awesome.
He was,
you know,
it's,
it's great to see that he is okay too.
But I'm really happy that you did point that out because there was some issues
and I think a lot of that probably had to do,
I'm just speculating,
but probably had to do with that massive weight cut.
I mean,
he was trying to get down really quickly to one 55 which is crazy.
Right?
Cause he fights at one 45 he's the champion and even struggling to go down from
him.
He was in the one eighties get down to one 55 quickly to fight the fight because
they offered it to them on last minute.
Sure.